                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Abhishek Gupta

 
B: Sashank Vempati

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	2	       2
coding 	  	  	 	6              7
writeup 	  	  	4              3
planning (alone) 	  	16  	       4 
total (including meetings) 	28  	       16	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?

    Abhishek was responsible for writing the packing routines and tuning
    the parameters, and Sashank was responsible for implementing the 
    AVX2 based microkernel and use intrinsics to optimize code with vectorization.
    Abhishek also debugged the microkernel based on the packing routines implemented.
    
(b) Did you complete the assignment?

    Yes

(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.

    Our team had short meetings in person to discuss the layout of the project
    and responsibilities during the planning phase of the project, and debugging
    code and implementing new optimizations during the coding phase of the project.

    Some of our strengths are that we were able to have good communication and 
    meetings that were short, to the point, and productive. We were also able to 
    help each other out whenever there is a bottleneck that is when debugging code.
    Some of our weaknesses are that after coming up with a new optimization technique 
    for the packing routine, it was very challenging to change the AVX2 operations when we 
    changed the size of the microkernel due to its complexity.

(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.

    Communication is very crucial, being organized such as setting deadlines for different
    phases of the project (planning phase, coding phase, debugging phase, etc.), and having
    a platform where you can update each other and send useful resources relating to the project
    will save a lot of time and will be more effective in learning the concepts from the project.

(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together.

    Updating about each other's progress more often, setting stricter deadlines between the 
    different parts of the project, and dedicating a certain date and time to meet was something
    we would change so that we would be able to resolve any potential issues (whether debugging
    or conceptual) as soon as possible.

(f) Anything else that comes to mind.

(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?

    One suggestion to improve this assignment is to do a walkthrough of an example of
    multiplying two matrices with real values and how it is done using packing and the
    microkernel (where we can keep track of all the parameter values), I think this will
    help a lot in understanding this algorithm.

    Also, having a basic introduction to the avx intrinsic variables and functions with
    some examples would be very helpful in understanding how to use them for optimization.
    
